Manual FPS limiting for VNC sessions (#13)
teamspatzenhirn/rig_reconfigure: README.md

- support for array parameters
- consideration of limits specified in the [parameter description](https://docs.ros2.org/galactic/api/rcl_interfaces/msg/ParameterDescriptor.html)

## Known issues

> - CPU usage is higher than for other GUIs, could be related to the immediate mode framework (we focused mainly on usability during the development of rig_reconfigure)
> - vsync via glfw doesn't work in VNC sessions (leading to even higher CPU usage), enable the manual frame rate limiting to reduce it

Reviewer: ist das nicht confirmed dass das nur in VNC ein problem ist?`
```suggestion
- CPU usage is high when using non-hardware-accelerated OpenGL implementation, which is usually the case in VNC connections
- vsync via glfw doesn't work in VNC sessions (leading to even higher CPU usage), enable the manual frame rate limiting to reduce it
```
